our good to see you again so soon mr.
week I need you to throw this desk are
not that guy in here you're always that
guy John I can't help you
you're not house if you don't do this
you know the consequences
Accounts Payable hmmm I help you
I'd like to open an account name on the
account done week the contract has gone
international you have no idea what's
coming
somebody please get this man a gun
therefore the lower corn you stabbed the
devil in the back to him this isn't
venues this is justice we don't finger
put a little bottle
you working right so whoever comes I'll
kill them
I'll kill them all kosher
put a little coronal
I'll try and do the same